Fix #47 (#160)
arkworks-rs/algebra: CHANGELOG.md

- #112 (ark-serialize) Make `bool`s checked serialization methods non-malleable.
- #119 (ark-poly) Fix bugs in degree calculation if adding/subtracting same degree polynomials
     whose leading coefficients cancel.

> - #160 (ark-serialize, ark-ff, ark-ec) Support serializing when `MODULUS_BITS + FLAG_BITS` is greater than a multiple of 8 (fixes #47).

Reviewer: errm, aren't all numbers greater than a multiple of 8 =p

Author: oh lol fair

```suggestion
- #160 (ark-serialize, ark-ff, ark-ec) Support serializing when `MODULUS_BITS + FLAG_BITS` is greater than the multiple of 8 just greater than `MODULUS_BITS` (fixes #47).
```

Reviewer: that LGTM. Perhaps it should point out that this is the case for pallas/vesta curves?
